README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update readme and add init script (#22)

README.md, after:

# Strava playground

This repo is a way for individuals to explore there data.

## Set-up

1. Ensure you have an [age key](https://github.com/FiloSottile/age) set-up. This is used by [SOPS](https://github.com/getsops/sops) to keep the keys encrypted. (Once you have age-keygen installed you can use `make age-key` to create an age-key in the correct location for the other make commands)
2. Store the [strava api](https://www.strava.com/settings/api) details. `make init`, will prompt you for the required details and encrypt them using the above age key.
3. Run the server `make serve`.

Note that to subscribe to the [strava webhook events](https://developers.strava.com/docs/webhooks/), you will need to use a reverse proxy. I use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/):

```shell
# Install ngrok
make install-ngrok

# Run the reverse proxy
make ngrok
```

The log file that is produced is scraped for the reverse-proxy address, so ngrok should be loaded first (even though it pings to a server that isn't running yet!).

## Running locally

For usual running:

`make ngrok` in one terminal
`make server` in a separate terminal

You should be able to access the site at [http://localhost:3000]
